internal _mask fcns: update signature (#437)
regionmask/regionmask: docs/whats_new.rst

- The target url of the remote resources now uses the version (:pull:`431`).
- Better error message when trying to create 2D overlapping mask (:issue:`432`).

> - Update the signature of the _internal_ mask functions compute total bounds internally
>   (:issue:`434`).

Author: ```suggestion
- Update the signature of the *internal* mask functions. No longer require ``bounds``
  as input  (:issue:`434`).
```

>   as input  (:issue:`434`).

Author: ```suggestion
  as input (:issue:`434`).
```
